<!-- Contents for Homebrewery (https://homebrewery.naturalcrit.com/) -->
<style>
  .phb{
    width : 210mm;
    height : 296.8mm;
  	text-align: justify;
  }
</style>

# Appendix (Adventure 2)

This document hold a collection of creatures and NPCs homebrewed for the adventures generated by the [Adventure 2](https://github.com/Nereare/Adventure2) application.

Most creatures listed in the adventures will belong to the official *System Reference Document*, the ones that don't can be found here.

## NPCs

### Magic Shopkeeper

The **Magic Shopkeeper** is a hal-elf of any gender that left their adventuring days behind and now seeks profit by selling their stock of magical items.

They are a 9th-Level Wizard (School of Conjuration) with the accompanying stats.

___
___
> ## Magic Shopkeeper
>*Medium Humanoid (Half-Elf), Lawful Neutral*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 12
> - **Hit Points** 56 (9d6 + 18)
> - **Speed** 30ft.
>___
>|STR|DEX|CON|INT|WIS|CHA|
>|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
>|8 (-1)|14 (+2)|14 (+2)|20 (+5)|10 (+0)|14 (+2)|
>___
> - **Saving Throws** INT +9, WIS +4
> - **Skills** Arcana +9, History +9, Insight +4, Nature +9, Perception +4, Religion +9
> - **Damage Resistances** Force (*Brooch of Shielding*)
> - **Senses** Darkvision 60 ft., Passive Perception 14
> - **Languages** Common, Draconic, Elvish, Infernal, Primordial
> - **Challenge** 9 (5,000 XP)
> - **Proficiency Bonus** +4
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** The magic shopkeeper is a 9th-level spellcaster. Their spellcasting ability is Intelligence (spell save DC 14, +6 to hit with spell attacks). The magic shopkeeper has the following wizard spells prepared:
> - Cantrips (at will): *fire bolt*, *mage hand*, *mending*, *prestidigitation*
> - 1st level (4 slots): *fog cloud*, *ice knife*, *magic missile*
> - 2nd level (3 slots): *flaming sphere*, *misty step*, *scorching ray*
> - 3rd level (3 slots): *dispel magic*, *fireball*, *sending*
> - 4th level (3 slots): *black tentacles*, *dimension door*, *secret chest*
> - 5th level (1 slot): *conjure elemental*, *teleportation circle*
>
> ***Fey ancestry.*** The magic shopkeeper has advantage on saving throws against being charmed, and magic can’t put them to sleep.
>
> ***Brooch of Shielding.*** The magic shopkeeper wears a brooch of shielding, they has resistance to force damage and immunity to damage from the *magic missile* spell.
>
> ***Wand of Magic Detection.*** This wand has 3 charges. While holding it, the magic shopkeeper can expend 1 charge as an action to cast the *detect magic* spell from it. The wand regains 1d3 expended charges daily at dawn.
> ### Actions
> ***Dagger.*** *Melee or Ranged Weapon Attack:* +6 to hit, reach 5ft. or range 20/60 ft., one target. *Hit* 4 (1d4 + 2) piercing damage
>
> ***Fire Bolt.*** *Ranged Spell Attack:* +9 to hit, range 120 ft., one target. *Hit* 10 (2d10) fire damage
>
> ***Ice Knife.*** *Ranged Spell Attack:* +9 to hit, range 60 ft. plus 5 ft. sphere on hit, one target. *Hit* 5 (1d10) piercing damage plus 6 (2d6) cold damage to each creature within the sphere (1st Level version)
>
> ***Scorching Ray.*** *Ranged Spell Attack:* +9 to hit, range 120 ft., one target. *Hit* 6 (2d6) fire damage (1st Level version)

The **Magic Shopkeeper** has a grimoire which contains the following spells:

<div class='spellList'>
##### Cantrips (0 Level)
- Fire Bolt
- Mage Hand
- Mending
- Prestidigitation

##### 1st Level
- Alarm
- Find Familiar
- Fog Cloud
- Ice Knife
- Identify
- Magic Missile

##### 2nd Level
- Flaming Sphere
- Misty Step
- Scorching Ray
- Web

##### 3rd Level
- Dispel Magic
- Fireball
- Sending
- Stinking Cloud

##### 4th Level
- Black Tentacles
- Dimension Door
- Secret Chest

##### 5th Level
- Conjure Elemental
- Teleportation Circle
</div>

<div class='pageNumber auto'></div>
<div class='footnote'>ADVENTURE 2 | APPENDIX</div>

\page

### Temple Keeper

The **Temple Keeper** is a human of any gender that left their adventuring days behind and now seeks profit by selling their services as healer.

They are a 9th-Level Cleric (Life Domain) with the accompanying stats.

The deity the **Temple Keeper** worships can be anyone. See the temple name for hints on which such god it is.

___
___
> ## Temple Keeper
>*Medium Humanoid (Human), Lawful Good*
> ___
> - **Armor Class** 12 (Mithral Chain Shirt, 14 with Shield)
> - **Hit Points** 66 (9d8 + 18)
> - **Speed** 30ft.
>___
>|STR|DEX|CON|INT|WIS|CHA|
>|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
>|11 (+0)|9 (-1)|14 (+2)|13 (+1)|20 (+5)|15 (+2)|
>___
> - **Saving Throws** WIS +9, CHA +6
> - **Skills** Insight +9, Medicine +9, Persuasion +6, Religion +5
> - **Condition Immunities** Disease (*Periapt of Health*)
> - **Senses** Passive Perception 15
> - **Languages** Celestial, Common, Dwarvish, Elvish
> - **Challenge** 9 (5,000 XP)
> - **Proficiency Bonus** +4
> ___
> ***Spellcasting.*** The temple keeper is a 9th-level spellcaster. Their spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 17, +9 to hit with spell attacks). The temple keeper has the following cleric spells prepared:
> - Cantrips (at will): *light*, *sacred flame*, *spare the dying*, *thaumaturgy*
> - 1st level (4 slots): *bless*, *cure wounds*, *detect poison and disease*, *healing word*, *protection from evil and good*, *purify food and drink*
> - 2nd level (3 slots): *continual flame*, *gentle repose*, *lesser restoration*, *prayer of healing*, *spiritual weapon*, *zone of truth*
> - 3rd level (3 slots): *beacon of hope*, *create food and water*, *daylight*, *remove curse*, *revivify*
> - 4th level (3 slots): *banishment*, *control water*, *death ward*, *guardian of faith*
> - 5th level (1 slot): *hallow*, *mass cure wounds*, *raise dead*
>
> ### Actions
> ***Mace.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +4 to hit, reach 5ft., one target. *Hit* 3 (1d6) bludgeoning damage
>
> ***Light Crossbow.*** *Ranged Weapon Attack:* +3 to hit, range 80/320 ft., *Hit* 3 (1d8 - 1) piercing damage
>
> ### Bonus Actions
> ***Spiritual Weapon.*** *Melee Weapon Attack:* +9 to hit, range 5ft., one target, *Hit* 9 (1d8 + 5) force damage. The weapon also can move up to 20ft.
